Hello, everybody. Welcome to Meltdown Comics in Hollywood, California, the Meltdown Theater
Harmontown is now in session. Please put your hands together for the mayor of Harmon
Town. Fun times at Harmontown. I'm overcompensating. I'm a little exhausted. I'm bone sober and
a little wiped out. We're back on the thick of it over at community and I'm very excited
about the work we're doing. It's very thorough work. A lot of young writers being baptized
by fire over there at Paramount right now. Where are you going, boss? I'll be right back.
I'm going to get you some ice cream. We're working hard. We start shooting the first
episode of the fifth season tomorrow morning at 7 a.m. And then at lunchtime, we table
read the second episode which we're supposed to be finished with by now. That's why we're
hard at work back at the Kiebler Tree. Do you have to go back to work right after the
show? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're going back into Paramount or from home? I'm going to go
back to Paramount, yeah. I'll probably sleep on my couch there in my little office. Chris
McKenna's got it worse. He said he was up at four this morning. I didn't ask him why,
but he's got to get some sleep or something. That's crazy. He's got a kid too. That's
probably why. That's probably the four a.m. thing. I don't know. I didn't ask him. I
had to run out the door. But anyways, I'm excited about what's going on over there and
I'm just doing my best to make all you little rapscallions happy. But I am a little wiped
out so I don't know what generates my entertainment on the nights when I'm really entertaining.
Is it my boundless energy? Or liquor? Or fear or anxiety? I don't know. You could draw
off the energy. I'm not just saying this in an ass kissy. You're the greatest audience
in the world. But it's not a huge audience, but you've got twice the energy of a full
house. It's good. It's really good. Yeah, I feel like I'm kind of betraying it. I feel
like we should do something to earn their energy. Let's spin the Wheel of Strangers.
There's no wheel for you listening. Who's in deep emotional pain in the audience? All
right, a hand went up. There he is. It's Levi. Levi to the stage. I know this guy. Grab
that, Mike. Hello, Levi. I feel like I owe it to the home listener to state that you
are, you've long, blonde, kind of carry Elvis from Princess Bride Hair. You also have his
mustache from Glory, which is nice. It's my three musketeers' mustache. It's very nice.
You've got a nice wide-baneed corduroy maroon coat and your barefoot. Yes, this is fucking
describing me. This is awesome. Yeah, barefoot to the show. Fuck shoes. Did you walk down
Hollywood sidewalks? Yeah, actually, I washed my shoes before I came here out of courtesy.
You washed your shoes? Oh, wait, fucking shoes. I'm really fucked up. I'm sorry. I washed
my feet before I came here. I say, I think you washed your shoes and you left them in
the dryer. They're still hanging back on the line. Hurry up and get back there. So, Levi,
we met in Madison. And you were driven up there during the Harmontown Tour from Idaho?
Same thing. I owe whatever. And where you live on the banks of the Mississippi? Yes.
And your big, big old Dan Harmon fan? Yeah, I have my girlfriend, I think, for that, but
you are... I'm not a fan, really. You're kind of... I've never had a hero, so I don't know
how to put that in terms, but, like, whatever that word is in comparison to you. What do
you find heroic? As a person, what do you find heroic about that? He's fucking getting
up here and, like, this is scary shit, and I'm an actor, I do theater and stuff, but
you guys are fucking freaking me out right now. But not only that, but he gets up here
and he doesn't do a bit, he doesn't put on shtick, he's just Dan Harmon up here. And
all of us love him for that, don't we? That's the fucking reason I came here. Can I sit
down? I'm like... Yeah, yeah, please, sit down. Put your feet up. Apologies, Jeff. Can
you show the crowd the bottom of your feet? I just got a glimpse of this. Holy, what in
the Bangladesh? Yeah, jeez. Yeah, um, sooty. Yeah, that's your city, guys. Let's call
your feet sooty. Were you cleaning a chimney before you came over here? Just riding in
a car, Jeff. Alright. Well, that's what the bottom of shoes probably are like. And that's
why I don't wear them. It's the same thing. Well, yeah, what about why not shoes? Well,
besides not shoes, and actually it's just more comfortable for me. You guys are personally
the weird ones. Every, all of you guys with shoes, I don't know how you can do it. Like,
it's so there. Yeah, that's it. You fucking weirdos. You're all awful people. You shewers.
But unlike, unlike something like if they all had pink bows on their heads, like shoes
have this like deeply practical purpose. No, they, they shield the human foot from broken
crack pipes and, and, and bees like like half dead bees on the beach. I did. In all honesty,
actually, I said that don't wear shoes. I did wear it over a pile of dead cows just
a couple of weeks ago. You wore you were you wear shoes when you have to walk over dead
cows. Yeah, I'm not an idiot. Fucking shit growing in there. Can we can we learn a little
bit more about walking on dead cows? What do you want to know? I want to know why you're
walking on dead cows. What do you mean? What do I want to know? Did you have a hand in
their death? Were they dead before you did? They wouldn't be in a pile like they are like
that's inhumane. But as an iron in California, I can't technically tell you why I was walking
on that dead pile. Besides the fact that it's a rich rich in nitrogen, and which is a good
fertilizer for plants. Oh, for the podcast listeners, I was not winking. That was a
twit. I don't know. Are you supposed to use entire dead cows for fertilizer? You can use
live cows poop. I'm just making the best of a situation. I rent a property and I live
on a farm, obviously. And the landlord is a terrible person. I really hope someone listens
to this. My address, I'll tell you later. I love you too. I'm sorry. But my landlord
just treats the cows poorly and then when they die, he says it's awful. It just piles
them all on top of each other and then just lets them sit there. And then you go walking
on them. You go out to harvest their nitrogen. This is the whole show now. We haven't scratched
the surface, I believe. I have a lot of deep emotional pain. Are we allowed to scratch
the surface? Can we talk about anything? You can talk about me every which way. I can
take it. You're not bullying me. I'm an open bully. I just want to know what you're comfortable
talking about. When we talked in Madison, at the end of our conversation, which I thought
was nice, I wouldn't be shocking you to say you have weird mannerisms. That would be
the truth. But then I would also, I would say that you, I'm more comfortable talking
to you than lots of other people who you would assume were not. Like there's some kind of
like... You're breaking my heart. In a good way. I don't know what that factor is, but
it's like, I mean, you have yet to, I mean, you don't wear shoes. You've got the weird
mustache. You've got a manic energy and you identified yourself as a transgender in Madison.
You identify as a female, you said. But then sexually I wouldn't want to fucking do. Actually,
a weird story about that. I had a friend of mine where a couple, I think a couple months
ago and we had just done some hallucinogens and we were walking around. It was just me
and him. This was a dude and this is a very lonely guy and like he used to have this girlfriend
and only one girlfriend and he's been broken up and so he really needs companionship and
there was one point during the night where he was like, do you use one fuck? And I like,
we were sitting on a bench and I'm just like, no. I felt really, really bad because he told
me that he had been getting mixed signals off me. Like I'm a very flamboyant, flirty
person and I apparently had been doing that to him and he's like, I even made up a joke
and I'm like, oh, you want me to go Jolly Roger you in the bushes?
What's a Jolly Roger? That's what he asked. I want to know. Leave my show. I need to bend
over. It's a podcast show, just have to tell me. We could describe it and their laughter
would reinforce it. It's not like a Jolly Rancher. It's a lot bigger than that. More
sucking involved. What is it? Come on. Well, Roger Ring is fucking and Jolly is a happy
version of that I can't see. That's it? Jolly Roger Ring is fucking? You get a Jolly Roger
ring, yeah. It's in your window, Dan, it can mean whatever.
I thought it was a new thing or a secret thing or a specific thing. You take a 2x4 and a
dead cow and you flip it. It's not a good joke because cows they lived and they died
and they're sad now. I don't know where to begin. I don't know where to middle and I
don't know where to end. My girlfriend doesn't know where to begin. You made a video that's
online. Maybe you can tell people how to get it to it on YouTube. It's like a Harmontown
fan video, which, again, on paper, if someone were to be afraid of someone, like this video
has all the earmarks. And yet I don't fear you. But the facts on paper about this video,
which are that you made it by yourself, you play me, Jeff, and Aaron, and yourself, and
Spencer. And in the beginning of the video, realizing
that Harmontown is canceled that week, you basically, not to put too fine a point on
it, you take rope and other implements and you abduct each of us. I didn't abduct you
and I didn't abduct Spencer. You came willing. I lured you with a bong and something else.
And then it's you by yourself in this apartment playing all of us doing a Harmontown show
for you yourself. Wearing different wigs and beards and things.
But around behind you, it's like, I'm assuming this is not set dressing. This is where you
actually live. There is just dead cows everywhere. Except for the corner pocket. I saw that
and I was like, oh, that's next to Jeff and that's in between Aaron. That's got to be
a weird joke there about putting pockets in things. Never mind. I haven't seen it. I'm
very intrigued. On the walls behind him, there's writing on the walls. Maybe like, oh no, you're
talking about my room. That is the crazy person's room. If I was set designing for a seer hand
seer hand biopic, there's like swirls and then there's other writing. There's writing
and drawing. What is written on the wall? Is it just random thoughts?
Played community references, Doctor Who quotes, some shit I make up on my own. Actually, I
really like it because I have to do it all the time by myself. I really like it when
my friends come over. I have a big box of markers and I'm like, go ahead, write whatever the
fuck you want to. As long as you don't write over anything. As long as you respect me.
Lila, I have a question for you. You identify yourself as a woman, but you still have the
male facial hair. Is that a conflict? That's acceptance. It goes back to the fucking thing.
I really want to be able to have the womb on the inside of me and have kids. That's not
the only reason to be a woman, but that's the reason why I wouldn't go into a surgery
right now. You can't get that. You'd have to drink a magic potion for that to happen.
Did I answer that question right? No. It was an answer to three other questions I had.
Well, there's transgender where you just identify or you just express as another gender, and
then there's transgender as a subset of that. People who go, okay, not only am I expressing
as another gender, I'm going to take physical steps. You're saying, well, the brass ring
is having a uterus, and that's not achievable through medical science, so why not have a
mustache? Pretty narcissistic, but to the point. That's basically it. I want to be
able to fuck whoever I want to and have all their kids and rule the world. But you have
a girlfriend with which you have a technically, medically heterosexual relationship because
medically you have a wiener. Do you have a sexual relationship with your girlfriend?
And so when you guys do it, it's a wiener going into a wee wee. I like that. I hate
to sound like a fifth grader, but so is that lesbian sex? Is that, I mean, is it? I don't
know. Since I know that I can't have what I want and to try and force anything other
than that as sort of childish, then it's like, you know, except what something gave you and
like, live with it like I can't. What am I going to do about it?
If I gave you a uterus right now with a magic wand, and I cannot, no matter how much you
know, no begging. But if you had a uterus right now, would you continue to have a relationship
with a woman and over? Actually, I would own it with her. It's so much
love. Actually, it's yours and Erin's love. Like, listen to the podcast. It's just listening
to us almost sometimes. Like, not only you guys fighting, but just you're like, you know,
little jokes you play. Couples fight, people. Come on. But just you're like, you're little
in-jokes with each other. And I was listening on the way here. You're talking about, Erin
was listening to Game of Thrones, and you kept doing like this voice or whatever. Or
no, not downtown Abbey. And she would like, she'd take off her headphones, she'd be like,
what the fuck was that? Erin, nothing is happening. But shut up. You're all right.
And then she'd put her headphones back on and just like continue and you'd still like,
fuck with her. Oh yeah, I was doing like closed mouth British
accents. I couldn't remember what. I just listened to it an hour ago. I can't fucking
remember. All right. Well, so I said who's in deep emotional
pain and you raised your hand just by default. But do you have any actual short term things
that we can help you with? I want to live out here, man. This place
is like, I don't want to go back to the hellhole that I, and it's not a hellhole. I really,
the town's okay. It's hard. I don't want to enable anything, but I will say you will fit
in more here than. Honestly, quite possibly. I was like, God,
the people out here are just fucking awesome. Like I want to live and breathe out here.
And people don't, you know, you know, like, like, you know, people out here, they come
out here because they're chasing their own thing. And then, and then some people are
successful at building their own thing, which means if you're in a room with a bunch of people
and one guy's got a weird mustache, another guy's got a shark fin on his hat, like you
can never quite dismiss anybody because somebody might be a millionaire or about to become
one or, there's this whole culture of like, you know, it's very hard for bigotry and prejudice
or other synonyms to gain a foothold here because it's not incentivized financially
or socially. Do you guys have an accent? Because I haven't
heard one yet. Like, do Los Angeles people, do you have an accent?
It's kind of a, it's kind of a- I'm trying to tie into that. Like, you don't have like-
The Valley has a pretty strong one. Yeah. We have a lack of accent that is technically
an accent. Say what?
We have a lack of accent that's technically an accent. Like, we sound like what movies
are, so, like, I mean, we sound different than other people, so we have an accent.
Yeah. I mean, I can tell if I'm, if I'm, if I'm
talking to somebody, I can tell that they're born and raised in Los Angeles. I can detect
the L.A. speech, but it's just, yeah, to me it sounds like a lack of an accent, but I
think everybody thinks that they don't have an accent, right?
All right. Well, we can't help you live out here, but, but, uh, but, uh-
Uh, deep emotional pain.
Any, any, any, any guidance?
Any guidance.
Yeah. Do you need, do you need advice?
Uh, no, I don't need it. I think I could make it quite on my own, but, uh-
I guess if you, if you were open to advice, like, the first thing that would happen is
you'd be covered in shoes. Like, you're clearly, I, I believe you when, when a man with, that
is that committed to not wearing shoes says, I don't, I'm, I'm not in the market for advice.
Like, I would truly believe you because you're like, I, I, I sometimes don't tie my shoes,
uh, and I'm like belligerent about it. Like, don't tell me to tie my shoes. And I bought
lace-less shoes. And like, you're looking at you, if you're just from the neck up or
even from the waist up, you've got the coat on, the jacket, and you have this neatly
trimmed, you know, kind of, well, what could be considered fancy facial hair? Uh, that's
kind of fastidious. You, I would expect like spats and some, like some, some, some razzle
dazzle, like spectators.
So for when you have the facial hair, but you're kind of like, you're very, you're very,
you're kind of walking contradictions, which is great. It makes you a, I fuck it. That's
awesome.
Do you think that your feet are like hobbit feet? Like, are they like more equipped? They
must be.
They don't have hair on the top, but no, but I mean, like, are they like, they're like,
they're like shoe feet. They're like, developing calluses.
I know it's developed. It's about like a half inch callus on the bottom of my foot.
So you're, are you, are you maybe like the shoewear equivalent of a nudist in that, like,
you're thinking like, maybe we should all not wear shoes?
No, no, no. I, I, when I said that thing about you guys are weird for not wearing shoes,
like, go ahead, do whatever the fuck you want to. Like, just don't make me wear shoes, Link.
But where, is there a route to that? Is there anything more to that?
We know you don't have to. No one's going to make you, but did you, did you wear them
in Madison when we met? Cause it was snowing out there.
No, he would. Yeah. I got frostbite first.
You came barefoot in the snow?
Yeah.
It was bloody cold out there.
Yeah, got frostbite in there.
I was doing a blizzard and he didn't wear shoes the whole time.
Damn.
Yeah.
Spam, Spel Spencer doesn't wear pants anytime. Like, he's always in shorts. I bet people
give him shit for that all the time.
We're not going to, but there wasn't some formative experience. There's not some route, like, kind
of.
We're going to get into shoes, actually. Like, many, many of us were. We're kind of, we get
trained not to touch hot stoves, not to walk in a traffic. And I'm not, I'm not, I'm not
picking on you. I'm just like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm engaging in the dialectic here. So like,
cause I want to find out, like, cause you're different in that you do, you are committed
to not wearing shoes. And I'm curious, like, if there was a expound on that, you were forced
to wear shoes. I'm sorry.
Okay. What are you looking for? Like, the moment I turn?
Yeah, like, your, your, your, your, your, your, your, your parents were killed by a
shoe outside of an opera house.
Shoe man, the Levi story.
Uh, is it like a tick maybe? Is it like a, like, it's something that helps you feel
sweaty, man. They're just like gross and kind of sweaty sometime. Like, uh, so you think
what do you mean, my chicken? So shoes are, shoes are extra uncomfortable for you, maybe.
I can't even wear a pair of sandals. Like they're just, you guys, even if I was wearing
the sandals now, like the people in the back would be able to smell my feet.
Oh, but you did don some shoes to walk through the cow carcass field.
Safety first, Jeff.
Okay. All right. What about frostbite in Madison?
That was me being cocky.
Don't take that tone with me, Levi.
All right. Well, uh, let's have a hand for Levi for joining us.
Thank you.
I'm not going to tell you stuff.
Okay.
Enjoy your stay in Harmontown.
So we gave the audience a little treat because they're such a good audience. We, we brought
Levi.
That was more exciting than I had expected. That was very nice.
Yeah. That's a fascinating guest to bring up.
What else? What else?
What else?
You did a good job. I'd say too. You did a good interview there. You were actually,
uh, you, what do you think that's about? Why do you think you're?
Well, I think it's the same thing. Like, I, you know, I meet a lot of people after the
shows and stuff. And I, uh, you know, and this is, this is nothing on, on the people.
Everybody, all Harmonians are fantastic. And many of them are exactly like me. And that's
probably a, a, a problem, a breakdown in our, like, like a lot of very little eye contact
and a lot of like, people get like, I'm very flattered by this, but there are, I have now
met a lot of people that are very nervous to be, uh, meeting me. And I, and I don't
suffer the illusion that it's because there's very much special about me. I think it's,
it's, it's because I know how they feel. Like if I, when I moved to LA and like, oh my God,
Bob, I'm Kirk standing over by the fucking salad dressing. Um, and, and just like doing
really, really weird shit and, and, and saying a lot of weird shit and feeling like really
conflicted and weird about like having like face-to-face encounters with people, just
because, you know, I had a one-way relationship with them for a long time and had built up
in my head that there was, there was, there were, they were a symbol. So I, my point being,
I meet a lot of people who are, uh, uh, nervous to meet me. And I, even meeting the mailman
and am nervous to meet the mailman. Like I don't make, I don't, I get very uncomfortable.
Text messaging saved my life because I could never talk even on the phone to people. I'm
like, okay, okay. And everyone thinks I'm a dick and I can't look at people and, and
all this stuff. And, uh, I don't know. I think, maybe it's just, I, I, did you use the crassest
language possible to be very efficient about, about communicating it? And I think he can
take it. I think Levi's so crazy, uh, like, but so honest about it. He's just like, there's
nothing, I don't know. There's like, uh, there's nothing's going to happen, you know?
That's like, like, like, like, like, oh, you just like ask him questions and you're just
going to get answers. Whereas somebody else, their head might explode or something. I don't
know what it is. No, God, no. I'm saying, I'm saying you're special, my friend. And,
uh, yeah. No, you, you, you did it just right. Uh, uh, but, but now that I know I have that
power over you that you could scream at. Yeah. It's a roller coaster with me. Uh, but it's
okay. Uh, let's, uh, let's keep, let's, let's keep the show special. What do you, what do
you, what do you, before we move on our good friend, uh, I don't know your last name. So
I'm going to, I'm going to refer to you as the audience knows you. Be fungus bill. Uh,
what is your last name, Bill? Moretson. Moretson. Moretson. Moretson. Be fungus bill has brought
us. Uh, he's, he's, uh, famously, famously has, uh, has brought us, uh, tainted meats
and, uh, a bag of, uh, rocks, which are lovely. Tonight he has brought, um, little kind of
lovely wooden shingles with quotes from our show on it. And, uh, he's given me a handful
and I think he's, he's got a ton to dispense to the crowd. If you guys got to have, all
right. It's like, it's like Christmas here. You found a middle ground, but it was a, you
brought the food and then we made fun of you because the food had, had mold on it. And
then the following week, in my opinion, what was the passive aggressive move you brought,
you brought inert rocks as if to say fine rocks then, but this is like, well, now this
is wood. Right. I brought you stones, but it, but it has like a script on it. Uh, but
the weird thing is that the sticks have words on them. Right. Yeah. Uh, the, I ate the country
like Pac-Man. That's a quote from me. I don't even know what this one is, but I, I, I, I,
I'm quoted as saying, you fuck Batman. We fuck you. I don't, I don't recall the context
of that, but it sounds like something I would say. No, what, when, when did I say this season
three of community was written on anus? It was, it was, it was posted somewhere. Thank
you. Levi knows the city. Adderall. Yeah. Did I mean to say Adderall? And I said anus.
I like this one where I, I take a bold stance and say, I take adorable shits. They're like
unicorn tears. If that one's not correct, I want to take it back. Cause like, all right,
I, I, in order to get through all of these and there's, there's like 62 of them. Uh,
I had to like sort of plumb the depths of the web to, to wrangle enough of these to,
so there's, there's almost no duplicates. How many, how many did you bring us tonight?
62. 62. Yeah. I would, I had planned on a hundred, but I got tired.
Uh, we, we're about, we're probably a little over there, right? I don't know. I can't
be better at that. I am going to be a millionaire and I'm going to smell like a butt. That's
my, that's me being defined. That's the Dan Harmon guarantee. Oh, your money back.
Uh, you're not giving me a, you can do whatever you, I want to make sure everybody gets whatever
is close as possible. Do whatever you wish with them. Uh, but I would like to point out
some things about this. Like the, the shiny ones, those are curly maple. The yellow ones
are yellow heart. The ones that don't have much grain are basswood and then the dark ones are cherry.
This crowd loves fine wood. I wonder if there's a type of wood that would have been booed.
Wingay boo. Too exotic. Well, I, I would like to donate these to make sure everybody gets at
least one. Yeah. I've got about seven or eight. So if you guys, if someone gets shorted and wants
one, they can come up and grab one for me. I'm keeping, I'm eating the lead paint of my own ego.
I was, I was actually hoping you'd keep that one. I like that. It's very appropriate. That's
one of my favorite quotes. All right. Thank you, Bill. You're going to hand them out now.
Sure. All right. Wow.
It's a special night. I don't know if it's first time visitor accessible for a special night.
You know, what do you mean? Well, I don't know. It's not like there's no cats jumping
through hula hoops or anything. I'm not telling stories about, about, about jerking off. I,
I came into the green room and you looked like you were half asleep in that. You looked really
I'm just mentally exhausted. I, I, I just, you know, I, I, I've, I've blogged about this fact,
just writing is a, it's, it's, it's a, it's so hard. It's, it's, you know, it's like you, you,
you really like, before your body gets physically tired, before your eyes get sleepy, before,
before you get frustrated, like your brain actually just like, you just, which wears out.
Cause you're just like, you're, you're running it like a motor cause you're like looking at this
fucking blackboard and going like, uh, okay. So why, what, what does Annie want again? And it's
just like, and then one person goes like, well, I think she wants, she wants to feel loved. And
then someone else goes, but if she wants to feel loved, why, why, how come she's being so mean to
Leonard? All right. All right. What if it was like Tron and everyone goes, unless that solves
everything. But, uh, yeah, it's just, it's just, you know, problem solving, pushing your brain
up against the boundary between it and the shit that you need to know for the whole time.
Are the other writers like, have they gotten on board and are they, are they still intimidated
to talk or does everyone, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're coming out and they're,
they're great because now by, we've had to break up into smaller groups. There's just so many of
them and they're so like, all of the circumstances are so strange. Um, but, but I think once we,
you know, just takes a while and then we broke up into small groups and now they're,
it's, I don't think, I don't exactly have my ear to the ground, like in terms of gossip and stuff,
but it seems like they're all, uh, they all really like each other too, which is kind of a feat with
14 writers. Like they, uh, there's usually one person that's like, oh, here comes Stanley.
Boy, what a mistake.
What's your feeling about the, uh, about the episodes? Like, can you compare this to
how you felt going into previous seasons? I feel better about 501 than I felt going into previous
seasons, but I don't, I wouldn't, I can't bet my life because it's just so, I don't know. I'm so
close to it. I can't, I, I, uh, I don't, I don't, I don't know. Are there any like nods or winks to
the fact that you're back? Is there like, like, like the fact that, like, is there any kind of
dealing with that? Or are you just kind of just picking up where last season left off?
It, I mean, the, the, the circumstances of, of coming back and having to do a fifth season,
like, like they're automatically going to generate as a context of nothing and winking. Like, I don't
know how to explain it. Like, or, you know, we're getting, we're getting back to basics. And so
that feeling is in the air. And so I'm not, I'm not, I'm not doing a bunch of inside jokes and
going like, well, what happened last year, boy? I had a bad taco. Do you have a bad taco? Or we all
had bad tacos. Now it's all gone. Turn on the fan. Every time, every time there's a reference to
something that happened last season, it's Foghorn. I mean, that's not entertaining, you know, to do
that. It would be pretty entertaining, I think. I think, I think you get mileage out of that for
an act or two. Let's do, let's do, let's do Q&A. I don't know why I spun a wheel. Anybody have
any questions? Jesus Christ. Like, camera over here as a documentary guy. Neil Berkeley, everybody,
the maker of our documentary. If your question is how's the documentary going, clearly it's not
finished. Still some shots to pick up. And that's how I learned about America. Now get the fuck out
of here. What was your question? If Dan could be a were version of any animal during a full moon,
which animal would that be? Were version of any animal. I would, I would, I would, you can be a
were cat. I guess you could. You can be aware whatever you want. Right. So yeah, where does not,
it's not wolf specific. You could be aware whale. I didn't, you didn't ask me, but I'm going with
where whale. No control over this, right? So every full moon. All right. Well, I just, I just want to,
I have to think practically because I don't keep track of time very well. And I just want to make
sure that like I'm not like in a plate, like if it was a tiger, then there's places where that's
not going to be cool. So, so I feel like it's a boring answer, but I feel like I just go regular
house cat so that, so that I maximize my, my ability to like hide, but also blend in and get
away. And if anything should go wrong, I'm kind of wasting the power by just being scared of it,
I guess, sort of dealing with it like a disease. Like, like I have where diabetes. I guess I'd
stack some Snickers bars and so you're a human, but I would turn into a part human part whale.
That's probably a bad idea. Would I be able to, oh, oh, oh, it's a way, I'm a were cat. Like,
like I'm not just turning into a cat. So where whale wouldn't work because I'd have to, I just,
I would turn it, the moon would come out and I would be a whale sitting here at this podium
when I would tie. Yeah. Okay. I would have to be near a body of water at all times. Well,
then maybe like a were chimp so that people could barely tell the difference. Like,
like you just, you just feel like, uh, but, uh, yeah, I don't know. I'm tear, I don't want to be
aware. Okay. Well, fuck it then. I just go for, uh, I would be aware, uh, aware, like, uh, otter.
What about like a were bear? That's kind of cute. You're kind of a bear
in the gay way. All right. I'll be a, I'll be a were bear.
Because I wear, I was thinking otter because again, I was thinking like I would like to be an otter
because they like swim on their back and they, they crack up, crack open clams on their tummy.
Where, where otter is awesome. But if you are a were otter, you'd be like a six foot
guy eating clams on his tummy. You could do that as a were bear. It wouldn't matter.
But the otter would have to rampage. What would that, where, where otters, uh, enemies be clams and
like mollusks and stuff. I think you're just, are you confusing it because, uh, wolves rampage
and where wolves therefore have to rampage. I think if you were a were fish, you know, he,
he, he had the caveat that you would have to rampage. Oh, okay. So you'd have to rampage. All
right. A were bear. I'm just going to, yeah, that's got it. All right. Two more questions.
All right. No. All right.
Are you worried about, uh, what's your colonize? It's perfect moon colony.
Moon colony. All right. The question is, thank you for getting us back on track. What's your name?
Greg. Kind of an ordinary name.
I just, we had Levi. What was your name? Chud. Chud? What? Not really. Chud.
Like cannibalistic humanoid underground dweller. Chud. Is it really chud?
Oh, that's what I've gone by. Oh, you're not, you weren't born chud. That would be fucking awesome.
All right. How did your name chud generate? It's kind of boring. In fifth grade, I figured I was
an adult so I can name myself. And a judge taught you a lesson. He said he named himself because
he became an adult. He thought he could name himself. I decided when I was a kid, when I turned
like 13, like coming into my own, like having identity things, I decided that my, as a writer,
my name was D.R. Harmon. Even though my middle name is James, but I was at D.R. Harmon and I,
when people would say, what's the R stand for? I'd say rutabaga.
Yeah. I didn't, I'm not proud of it. I appreciate my candor. I didn't come here to win a popularity
contest. Did we ever talk about in the show, we must have talked about that you, your nickname was
Pac-Man for a while? Yeah, yeah. Do we talk about that in the show? Yeah, I wanted to, yeah,
kids, they want to know who they are, what's their deal. I didn't really have anything,
so I just jumped on Pac-Man. Just called myself Pac-Man. I made a windbreaker that had like a
little felt Pac-Man on it. I didn't make the windbreaker. I made the felt Pac-Man. And I would
just like, as everything was Pac-Man, in Wisconsin, people appreciate knowing what to get you for
Christmas. Everyone has a totem. If the mom's a mouse and get dad a belt buckle, and everybody's
got a gimmick. That's a terrible gift to get if you're a child abuser. Get dad more belt buckles.
What do you have a nice heavy sharp one? Yeah, the shit was okay. The question was am I worried
that when we colonize the moon I won't have anything to rant about. You know, that's the goal. I
don't enjoy ranting. I'm just sitting here looking adorable. I'm not doing anything. I do it because
I have to. It's like does a car enjoy producing carbon dioxide? Oh, it's good. It's combusting.
It's got shit in it, and it's like it has to get the certain work done. Living on earth
produces a byproduct called rants. I think you'd find stuff to rant about. Well, at first,
I'd be like, but it would mostly be me. I'd be like, why didn't I bring a bottle opener?
Yeah. I'm such a dick. I'm such a dumb dick. And I'd be like, you know. You could rant at my
little fancy VIP moon. Phoenixville orbits you. It's going to orbit four times a day too, so you
see more of me. We're all going to go buy. We're all going to be at the Mexican restaurant,
moaning you. There were a couple of people I went into the Harmontown subreddit, and there were
a couple of people that were really taking me to task or taking my idea to task, as if I had
somehow implied that they should go to the moon with me, which I did not. And they're like,
it seems a little hypocritical. If you hate capitalism so much, why doesn't he give up his
big house? Like you were instigating that bullshit that you started. I do want to address that
point, and I did in the subreddit as well with a little typey rant, but it's okay to have a big
house and to know that capitalism is a flawed system. Like the idea that you could respond to
somebody questioning the world that you're in by telling them that you don't give them any credit
because they haven't yet reduced themselves to a criminal level of poverty is exactly the same as
saying go fuck yourself. There's no difference between that. We are all within capitalism,
and we all survive within capitalism by buying and selling things. I don't think it matters.
Like my big house is me going, this is what I deserve. I'm going to work this hard, and so I
can have this much space to move in. I can walk around that space and go, Jesus Christ, what a
fucked up system that made me work that hard for this much space. And want to go to the moon and
live in a little cubicle where there is no such thing as property and hierarchy. We'll go up there
and we're going to have a good time, but it's not going to be any of these people that question
me on Reddit. It's going to be a special detector that zaps those people. So it gets more autocratic
every time you talk about it. Only at the gateway, man. It's like that's the other thing. You and
Camille were caught. Gateways are gateways, man. Yeah, but you got to affect the change. You got
seven billion people on earth. They got a system. You're allowed to say, okay, we got to take the
right people. We got to engage in some elitism because we're not going to take seven billion
people to the moon. And even if we could, that would just be like, well, then keep them on
earth and fix the earth. The idea is that, okay, systems too big. Most of the people down here
feel like they're nailing it. Even the people who don't are like, well, I don't want to go to the
moon. Some people would be willing to go, but you got to pick the right ones to take your best shot
at starting over in a right way. So yes, you're engaging in de facto hierarchy and elitism because
somebody's got to actually start the thing. But the goal is to get up there and, you know, hand
over the reins to the collective. I promise I will. Did we decide that there was going to be a
dome situation or we're going to terraform it? How are we going to live up there? Well, I don't know
how to terraform. I kind of feel like I... We should take somebody who knows how to do it.
Yeah. I'm looking at it this way. I don't think... I'm not going to give myself credit for knowing
how to grow stuff on the moon, like make an atmosphere. But I've gone swimming with goggles
and stuff, so I understand the basic principles of sealing things off. So I figure... And we have
yet... We have yet to terraform. I think you're a little cocky on that. I'm just saying... You have
a lot more credit scientifically than maybe... I think it's fair to say that if you could figure
out how to live underwater, you can figure out how to live on the moon. Yeah, that's how they train
the astronauts. Yeah. So because both places are... I have the identical problem. They need to be air
tight, right? Yeah. So we've accomplished both of those things. We have not terraformed anything
yet. So I'm just saying, okay, we've gotten to the moon and we've hung out up there. So I'm saying,
can I please get up there and hang out there so that people leave me alone? Okay. There will have
to be hydroponic, like, basil gardens so I can garnish. We'll get Levi on that. Levi's special
carcass fertilizer. All right. One more question. That'll end this segment. All right, sir. Are you
there? What's the worst insult anybody's ever said to your face? Worst insult anyone's ever said to
my face. That's a good question. I don't want to get it wrong. I remember being really hurt
when I was in my 20s and I was helping this band load into this bar. It'll take too long
to explain why. And then they were having trouble with this bouncer or something. I just made some
comment, but I was actually trying to ease the tension between them. The leader of the band was
having trouble with the bouncer. There was some misunderstanding about if they were going to
get paid or if they were taking the door or something. I just tried to make a funny joke.
I was carrying somebody's bass chords or something. I was like, yeah, come on, guys. Don't fight.
And then the bouncer was like, now you want to start something Chewbacca? This is going to really
hurt my... I think it's about intent. I think I really felt his complete disdain. It's okay
to be called Chewbacca. But I think at the time it was like a weird... I probably had an image in
my head like, I look like John Kuzak. And he was like, no, when I look at you with my tiny bouncer
brain and improv skills, I immediately say Chewbacca. And I'm not a Star Wars fan. I'm a bouncer.
So it's profound. You are Chewbacca. Either it means you're gross. I just see hair and animal.
So I felt... I remember that sticks out in my head. When I was in college, my friend wrote an
article in some magazine, his theory being that Chewbacca was the only Latino in the Star Wars
movies. Yeah, yeah. Because his name is Chewie, which is short for like Jesus. He's a mechanic.
And these were his. These were his. And he's Mexican. This is my friend Andre Soto. He said
he's Mexican and he never fights alone. And he does kind of have like a little mustache. He does
have like a kind of... But also, no joke, if you watch the first one, A New Hope, when the first
time they get into the Millennium Falcon, they sit down. No shit. There are gold dice or silver
dice. There are, like there are dashboard dice. And you never see them again. He bumps his head
on them when he gets in the first time. That's the only time. Yeah, it's that. I mean, we saw the
George Lucas unchecked in the Phantom Menace and the fucking like ethnic aliens started rolling out.
Like every planet you went to, I was like, oh, hello. Welcome to a China idiot. Oh, this is so
expensive. Yeah, could you know where we can get our car fixed? I don't know what's in it for me.
I mean, we all saw it. That movie. That's a great proof because he was in it. He got a P user
to quote Jar Jar. But there's got to be something better. Like somebody must have called me
something way worse than that. Like any like, not to name him, but like any like angry studio heads
or co workers and things like that. I mean, they don't, you know, they don't do that stuff. They
just, they just call human resources. If you could conjure up what would be the most painful thing
for someone to say to you. It would center around like, like I have a big soft spot or a hot or
sensitive button about pretentiousness. Like who do you think you are that area? Because I'm from
Wisconsin and I grew up with like a brother that was like five years older than me and was constantly
like, he would, he would go like, like, what the fuck doesn't Daniel have to do his laundry? And my
mom would say to my brother, Daniel's special. And my brother go, no, he's not. And I'd be like,
I'm in the room and so uncomfortable. Dr. Harmon is right here. Yeah.
And so I just like, like, I don't, I don't like, I don't like, I had to learn to take compliments
over time. Like a one of my 80 therapists told me at one point, like you should, when you deflect
a compliment that actually insults the person that's giving it to you, I figured that out after a while
that people, how to say thank you when someone said you did a good job. But, but I did the thing
that still terrifies me. Like that's why I can't go to the AV club or anything. Like they, they,
they, if I, if I, if I like, like, you know, Dan Harmon's Iron Man costume from Comic Con's for
sale, AV club headline, I know, like not to click on that, because I know that the reason they're
putting that up there is simply so that like everyone will come there and like leave comments
and go, uh, who gives a fuck about this fucking fat asshole, shit, fuck asshole. And I, and it'll
really, it like, I'm still sensitive about that stuff, because all my identity is caught up in
people's perception of me. So, so like, like, like, it's okay for people to think I'm crazy.
It's okay for people to think I'm stupid. It's okay for people to think like all kinds of like,
like, like that I'm abusive, that I'm like, you know, I don't, I don't, I don't want them to think
that I'm a bad person. But, but, but when it gets into like, like, people thinking that I am less
blank than I think I am, like, it kind of really, it really threatens me because it implies that I'm
some kind of, it's sort of like, it's sort of like, like, just like opens the Schrodinger box of my
entire identity and goes like this, it's empty, like, because the first implication is that, oh,
I'm a construct of myself. Like, and the second implication is that that construct is like emperor's
robes, like it's not there anymore. Like, it really kind of terrifies me. Because I guess I must
believe that's true. I'd not want it to be. So, so like, it's not, it's not like the Chewbacca's
or the hate fatties. There was a guy outside the magic castle that really, he really like,
I guess I accidentally, it was on me, like, he was, it was this, this young guy was like opening
the door for all of his, all of his family, like his, like, grandma walked through and his mom
walked through and I kind of like darted through the door, like, like, thanks. And, and, and then,
like, he said something like, like, real classy or, I guess I'm opening the door for everybody,
I think that was it. And I, and I just kind of like defensively because I, I felt, I went like,
you're gonna be okay, you'll be fine. And then because I said that, he was like, he just like,
fucking, he, he, he, he, he, I can't really, he was like, oh, thanks, fatty. At the, at the time,
I was not really like thinking of myself as a fat person. So again, like the Chewbacca thing,
I was like, what a fat, that's the first thing. And then I went and looked in the mirror and I
was like, yeah, this giant fucking face, like, dripping over my, my, my tux collar. I was wearing
a tux because it was the magic castle. There was some wedding or something, but I was like, yeah,
I was like, oh, shit, God, that guy really got married at the magic castle. There was some formal
event and then, and then there, and then a thing at the magic castle. Yeah, if you haven't been, don't.
You'll get, you'll get insulted. It's less magical than you think. So it's a hurt thing,
should call it the hurtful castle. But he was right. I, well, I mean, he was right to, I was,
I didn't have my fucking Emily post simulator on. My friends were five people ahead and had
already gone through the door. So I was just trying to catch up to them. But in his world,
it was like, oh, geez, what am I, the door opening for you guy? And then, and then I was
condescending. I should have just said, I am so sorry. Fuck that guy. But remember that guy
at Tamo Shanter? Yeah, yeah. That guy really, really got me. Well, we were talking too loud,
or you're using salty language or something like that. I don't like being told, shut up,
like, like, like, like, like, like, I mean, sometimes that'll just make me angry. But,
but like also just the idea that I talk too much that I'm a loud mouth. What was the exchange?
She came of a representative from his table came over, right? Or the nose him. He sat there the
whole time. We, Jeff and I were having a good time. I think we told this story on this podcast,
but what haven't we told? We said we're sitting there in this restaurant and kind of having a
couple beers, a summer, summer day, like just out with some friends and like, like, just kind of
live in the, live in the summer life, like, like in this quasi fancy restaurant in Los Files. And,
and, and there was this table with this guy and these two elderly women and he kept, he, he, like,
like, one of them, one of them looked over, I think at one point, which is why I made sure
that we weren't really being that obnoxious at a certain point. But I guess we were, I guess we
use profanity sometimes when we, when we communicate. I was telling like a loud story that might have
gotten a little. And the guy waited the whole lunch, instead of just like, like, going like,
if this is your demand, like, hey, we have demands over here, like, you're, you're encroaching on
our ability to eat our toad in the hole or whatever. He waited the whole thing, settled the whole bill,
and then, and then stopped on the way out and went to the three of us, said, hey, if you guys
are going to talk like you're in a truck stop, why don't you go eat one? And, and then, and then
kept walking. And then, and then I, I blurted out because I got so flustered. This is me at my,
at my wittiest when I'm actually under the gun. I went, whoa, whoa, whoa, if you're going to tell
people what to do, why don't you go back to Germany? To which he replied, you go fuck yourself.
Yeah. And I was like, what a truck stop! You're back! Truck stop. He just, he just, he was mad,
he couldn't talk like a truck stop. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's clearly like under the thumb of his
like mom's inheritance or something. Like, who eats with two old ladies? If I recall the next
two hours to maybe three days was sped with the esprit d'escalier, like coming up with the
perfect retort for that guy. People in restaurants, like, oh, like, like, I can't, you know, in LA
when you go to these restaurants and they, can we get a table for two? And they, and they're like,
yeah, of course we can. When the answer is no, they can't because their restaurant is five feet
wide. They should just say, no, we can't seat you. And you know what? We have too many tables in here.
We should get rid of a couple. So it's a comfortable place. Instead, they fucking jam these goddamn
Logan's run fucking tables together as if, as if it is human at all to eat closer to a stranger
than the person that you came to dinner with. The insanity of these places, like, like, like,
you go, and the thing that's even more insane than that is when they sit you in these places,
and the, like, the thing that blows my fucking mind is when the people next to you who are in
the same horrible situation can't have the fucking, like, human righteousness to go, well, I guess
we're all just prisoners of war in this shitty place. Let's all rise above it by ignoring each
other. When the people next to you, like, you're talking to your friend, you're having an intimate
conversation, I'm a hyperbolic guy. I might, I might compare seasons of TV shows to unsavory
things. I'll grab my God-given word power to make my point. I won't do it loudly, but I'll do it
effectively. And then there's like a certain combination of words, and then every fucking time
I eat in one of these places where you're close to someone, somebody always looks over and goes,
like, uh, that's actually really, not really offensive, but like, they'll just go, like,
excuse me, I did improv for years. I was in UC Bay, like, what was I, what, you said you said
improv was, you know, bullshit, I said, I said I was in a bullshit improv troupe when I was like,
what the fuck am I talking to you for? Are you out of your mind? Oh, I'm sorry, sir, was I rude
to you? What are you doing? I'm eating and talking to my friend. You're, what are you doing? I was
at a date with a girl at a fancy restaurant, and we were, it was like a first or second date,
and we were exchanging like philosophies, we were getting to know each other philosophically,
spiritually, you know, she was an atheist, it turned out, and I was like, I was like, well,
I did, you know, I'm not, I would never bother to commit to that club, and I, but I understand,
and she's like, yeah, I understand, people need, people need religion sometimes to, you know,
it gives the meaning in that whole thing, and I'm like, well, there is that, that kind of
aspect of it, I think that religion connects people with the unknown, and that's the primary
thing, but it has come to be a sort of a crutch for some people, because to put it very basically,
like, you know, this sort of background notion in our heads that if you get cancer, it's your fault,
or something like that, and I just like, and I kept talking, and then this fucking woman over
here was like, like, I saw her head cocked, so now I, now I'm, now I'm, and then she starts
leaning into her friend, so these two elderly women, and then I keep talking to my date, now,
now I have to put 20% of my attention on the lady next to me, because she leans over to her
friend, she goes, did you hear what he said? And the other woman, and my date is, has no idea
that I'm now listening to them, and I'm just going, uh-huh, uh-huh, and listening to them,
and then the other woman goes, no, what did he say? So anyways, I, when I got my master's degree,
I just decided I wanted to focus on, he said, if you get cancer, it's your fault.
So, so I'm hearing this, I'm horrified that I'm hearing this, and I, and I, and so I'm the date,
and the person is expressing himself, and getting to, getting to know me, and I, and I go, uh,
yeah, I was like, excuse me for a second, I, I, I, I'm sorry, that's not what I said.
And the look on the woman's face, the, at this, at this barbaric
act, action of, on my part, that I actually, I, that I was, she was like, I beg your pardon?
I said, Chewbacca? I said, I, I, I, I overheard, I can hear you talking about what I was talking
about, and you're, you quoted me out of context, and, uh, little did I know that would be the
story of my life, but I, I, I, I, I, I just, I, I, I, you, you, you, I didn't, I didn't,
I was talking about religion with my friend, I was using, uh, hyperbolic, uh, metaphors and
things, and you, you, you, you, you, I didn't, I didn't, I don't think it's people's fault
when they get cancer, and she's like, oh, well, I, I, I, I didn't, uh, I didn't know that you
could hear me, and I was like, well, uh, you know, it's a, I didn't, I didn't want you to hear me,
it's a, it's a very small restaurant, they seat people very close, I guess there's a financial
reason behind that, uh, uh, but we are both the victims, and, uh, well, I, I, I, I survived
cancer, and, uh, well, again, okay, so, I mean, this is very inconvenient for all of us, like I,
I, I, I'm on a, I'm on a date, that's not surviving cancer, but it's also, like, uh,
it's also a thing that I want to be hooked into, you know, and like, like, like, like,
have you guys met, uh, uh, like, like, want to just shove the tables together, and it says,
it was a fucking nightmare, it happens every time I go out to eat, if, unless I do the thing that
I've learned to do, which makes me a curmudgeon, and, and, and, and, and not as fun to go out to eat
with, I walk into a restaurant, if that is the situation, I go, no, we're not eating here,
and that, that, that, now my problems are over, but I, uh, I don't know why I'm telling you this.
I was at a restaurant years ago, um, at a Italian restaurant, I was sitting at a little
outdoor sidewalk area, having dinner by myself, which I like to do, and, uh, I was sitting there,
there's a couple on a first day, or not a first day, but there were a young couple dating,
and they were talking, I, you know, you were very close together, I could hear every word
they're saying, because like, I have ears on that side of my head, and, and, uh, I have multiple ears,
and, uh, and they were talking, just regular, you know, just chit chat, and then another couple
walks into the restaurant that they know, and the, the woman, the young girl goes, the young lady
goes, um, oh my god, like, so-and-so, like, oh my god, what are you doing, I, I know, I, I, I never
come here, it's so ironic that you're here, I got coincidence, and, uh, actually, I think that it was,
it was close enough that I actually kind of did the, the incredibly me thing of the hand on their
table, coincidence, like, I think I actually had, like, a fork in my mouth, like, and the guy goes,
whoa, whoa, whoa, the guy that was the date, it's just like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, I go, I go,
it's not, it's not ironic, like, bro, that's not cool, it's like, I'm sitting right here, man,
like, like, like, if you've got problems about that, like, get your fucking ducks in a row, man,
like, fucking, and then the other couple came, like, like, they thought we knew each other,
because it seemed like we were old pals, and I was like, I'm not gonna fucking be bashful about
that at all, like, and I completely sunk their dates, it was the best. Well, I know that makes
me an asshole, but fucking, I think I said this before, like, if you are watching sports, or if
you're watching news, whether improvising, like, there's a high-speed chase, whether going off
prompter, and they're having to riff, if you hear the word, you know, it's ironic, 100% chance
there's gonna be no irony in the pursuant sentences, and it drives me fucking mad.
All right, well, I mean, I'm a victim in my restaurant stories.
I know.
I'm more of a victim, as I have to sit around you people.
All right, well, let's, uh...
Are you shoe wearers?
Let's, why don't we bring up Erin McGathy, uh, so that we can...
Aaron?
Oh, she's probably peeing herself.
Uh, she's...
If I know her, we're both cleansing. She's probably in the bathroom.
Let's bring up Spencer Crittenden instead.
Spencer Crittenden!
Aaron's taking a poo.
She's out in the toilet doing what ladies sometimes have to do.
Hello! Sorry.
Uh, cleanse. I need to pee constantly.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm not drinking a lot of water on this cleanse.
Oh, you should.
Well, when I do, I have to pee every seven minutes.
Yeah.
And it's, it really is actually getting in the way of work.
I'm not kidding.
Like, I, so I actually just go, okay, I'll just be a little more dehydrated
and just have the liquid kale thing.
Right. Well, that's, it's mostly water.
So I think you're okay health-wise.
It's exciting to talk to you.
I haven't seen you, really.
So I feel very, like, just butterfly and I feel nervous.
It's like a date.
Uh, I, I hope no one overhears our conversation.
Uh, Coincidence?
Spencer, how, how, how are you?
I'm good.
And I'm also getting adequate hydration.
How do you, how are you liking being my assistant?
It's good. I, I, I feel like I'm doing a terrible job,
but I think I'm doing okay.
How, how would you grade his performance thus far, Dan?
Uh, a plus, I guess.
Really?
Yeah.
What, I mean, anything lower would be to imply that I needed something
that I wasn't getting.
And if I needed something, I'd, I'd ask you for it
because you paid to get it for me.
Sometimes you could use a, like a, a piss boy
so I could wrangle your pee for you.
Oh yeah.
We could figure it out.
I got zip ties.
If you want to, if, if you, if you want to do something
the, the, the, to make yourself feel like a, a better assistant.
Uh-huh.
Here we go.
Well, no, this is something that I, I feel bad asking an assistant to do.
But now that it's, it's, it's disguised as entertainment.
But, uh, like I, I can't because I, I, I just, like my car is, uh,
like the inside of it, the passenger side floor is just, it's just garbage.
It's just a garbage can.
So it can all go?
Well, I mean, I think there might be a couple
of whole Dungeons and Dragons books down there or something.
Save the books.
Yeah.
All right.
You know, like the clothes too probably, right?
Save the clothes.
Okay.
Um, uh, uh, what, what, should we play a hefty, uh,
hearty, uh, uh, uh, round of Dungeons and Dragons?
Let's do it.
Uh, I listened to last week's show.
And, uh, I was, I was right.
I was playing it, um, in, in a room and like picking things up.
And I, I jaw-draft at the, at the show to the extent that I walked,
I walked over to the mirror to like witness my own expression on my face.
Uh, I was, it was a great show.
Yeah.
See how fun, see how fun it is?
Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm glad we got it.
I'm glad we got it out of our system.
We had, we had our show.
I mean, I was, I was gushing about it earlier.
I loved it.
It was so, it was really, it was really fun to listen to with the,
I love the skeletons and the, and I love it.
It was great.
You guys did great.
Anatoly sounded very sad to be playing my character.
Yeah.
Anatoly, what was up that last week?
Were you a little, you were a little out of it.
I was a little sleepy because like, I, I, I'm going to Rocky Horror Show.
To Rocky Horror Show, like every week.
It's on Sunday night.
You're going to a, a recorder show?
A Rocky Horror Show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Whoa.
So like, I'm back at home like at four.
Are you in, are you in the Rocky Horror Show?
No, I know, I just, I just go.
You just go?
Yeah, yeah.
You go to the Rocky Horror Picture Show every week.
Yep, yep.
It's a, it's a, it's a.
And people get up and, people get up and do all the crazy stuff.
Yep.
It was fun.
Did you have that in Russia?
Nope.
No, just, I, I, I, I like this movie.
Like, I, I was on, in, in France, in, in London, at least I, in stuff like that.
So like, I really love it.
So I like, yeah, I, I, I come like at four a.m.
So, right as, as like last Sunday, like I was up at eight a.m.
and I decided that I want to go to the farmers market, to Santa Monica, again, like, to house on
bus and to house back. So, like, I went there and then I come home, so it was around, I don't like,
two or three p.m. so I just fell asleep and come to Harmontown. That's why I was not...
Now I'm drowsy. Alright. I'm airing her mic back for God's sake. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you,
Renatoly. But thank you for, thank you for playing, you did a, you did a bully job. Yes, thank you.
I discovered Rocky Horror when I was in high school. That was a big turning point for me,
getting out of the little suburban house, going downtown Milwaukee on Saturday night,
getting my curfew extended, seeing people like be gay and stuff. What character did you want to play?
I never, I was terrified at the prospect. If you had to, like, was there one that you're like,
I could, that guy? Well, I would have been, I would have been anybody that wasn't like as flamboyant
or cross-dressy because I probably was like suppressing, like, like this, like, my friend
in high school, like, he ended up joining the show and I was always like, how the fuck, like,
like, like, that's insane. I mean, I was just like, like, like, I was, I was, you know, 16, 17 years
old and I would, like, I'd never, I don't even think I had like smoked pot or anything by that
time. It's like maybe, you know, drank, drank beers and stuff in basements, but these, these were
grown-ups and like crazy people and it was downtown and God knows what they would get up to at their
apartments or backstage. I just remember looking at them as if they were like these crazy, they
might as well have been Prince or Boy George or like, like, David Copperfield. I had a really,
I only went to it once. I had a really bad experience with it. I was with Matt Gorley and
some friends in Santa Barbara or something. We were like, oh, let's go see that movie. We didn't
know that there was a big, you know, to-do and people put on the show and there's all this
interaction and stuff. But when we found out, oh, this is cool, this is weird. And, but there was
a thing when they asked like, there was a, there was a couple of really dodgy, not to be mean, but
just to describe them, some really creepy frail, syphilitic old queens that were running it. And
they're like, are there any virgins out there? And I was like, yeah, it's like, like, a lot of people
hadn't, hadn't, they were virgins to Rocky Horror, but they didn't raise their hands. I did. And I
was taken up on stage, like, like Fei Rui and King Kong and they, and all of, all of the men,
and they're a little, like, they're little Speedos and they're a little, like, dingy, sweaty,
like, like, not been washed ever, like, spandex and, and, and, and like, lingerie and like, like,
hairy legs with garters and stockings on. They all stood with their legs apart, like, in a line,
and I had to lay down, like, I was laid down on the stage and my arms out and my feet, obviously
out. And they all straddled me, like, three or four or five of these guys. And then two other
guys picked, picked me up by the hands and feet and just like, rammed me up into their dicks and
balls. Just like, kind of, just like, kaboom, kaboom, just like, just, just, just old, syphilitic,
cocking balls and ass and garters. That's not an origin story.
That's how, that's how he got his psychic powers. He went home and there was a suit hanging in his
closet mysteriously. I think there's a way to do that and make it fun for the guy that's getting
it done. That was, that was, that really was like, it was a big threshold, though, because it was,
I mean, there was, there was a lot of that going on. I think every company that does Rocky Horror,
that's like part of their function ceremonially, you know, there's the guy that plays
Frank and Furter, you know, is, is, is, you know, is going to be this big flamboyant,
like, like, covered in makeup, fishnets, like, like, like, outgoing, like, dude who's, like,
challenging your sexuality while you're in line and then, like, dragging people up and the whole
company is like, man, I'm on the fringe and this is like the east side, the fucking art town, like,
like, like, I, and the terror, like, like, and, and then the most important thing, like,
going through those moments and, and, and being afraid of, like, what might happen and then
realizing, like, any haunted house or anything that physical contact with people that don't do
the same things you do or dress the same way you do doesn't actually, there's nothing, you know,
it doesn't, you wake up the next morning and now you're just cooler, you're not, nothing happened,
you're not, you're not gay or you're not, unless you want to be, you're not, you're not, you're,
you're, you're in full control of everything the whole time, like, nobody has needles in their
hands, nobody, these guys are pretty scary, it was touching go, a lot, a lot of touch,
heavy on the touch, but I was, I remember walking down the halls of my high school,
you know, the following Mondays, I could just feeling like I had graduated something, and I
was, I was, it was, I bet my posture changed a little bit, somehow it changed back in the interim,
but it was a valuable service provided at the local downtown, independent movie theaters in
our little small towns, there's little kids like me, where are you gonna go to see a Tarantino
movie back before Tarantino was an Oscar winner and stuff, but thank God. Did you add, were you
called up as a, as a virgin, did you do that in Italy? I didn't, no. Every answer to every
question is so sleepy and sad. Oh, no. Yeah, all right, it's, it's, it's also a weird tune
how to think that, like, you can get, probably get on YouTube and just watch Rocky Horror Picture
Show, I'm sure you can certainly get on DVD, back then it was like the big, the first question
that people would have, because they're like, you go in and you yell out stuff on cue, it was always
like the idea that there was such a thing as a script for the movie or, or a copy of it that
you could watch in practice or something, that was unheard of, it was such a, it was such a
mystical thing, you had to go to this theater to see this movie. Yeah, I probably have the same
experience that a lot of people do when they go to see Rocky Horror, I thought that like,
the people that I was seeing it with for the first time had come up with all those
things and thought they were also cool and I'm sure afterwards, because I do this,
if I watched a performance that I really like, I was probably like, that was really clever,
those callbacks were really, really good, good, but they've been around for years and years.
Me and my friends, we were trying to start new stuff, it was kind of a sad
and it's just random stuff, like we would pick a spot in the movie where we just yell out,
Charlie Brown! And see if it took off. Did you get any? I think we got a couple of nibbles,
but probably just new people who came the previous week and heard Charlie Brown and
somehow, you know, nothing ever took off. Dumb experiment, 17 years old. All right.
All right, Spencer, shall we get this underway? Uh, yeah.
New sheets.
Last time on Harmontown, after bargaining for the life of Sharpie Butzelot,
from the Fornheim, the frozen city, more specifically the Jarl of Fornheim,
you left the city and put on a show in the blizzard.
All right, kill the music. That's it? That's all that happened.
Spencer, everybody, certain sweet.
Thank you. Well, a lot's going to happen tonight, my friends. Well, yeah.
So you guys are in an icy, icy canyon. You walked in there because it was the only way through.
A mole rain cast resist elements. Yeah, so we're good to go.
Yep. All right, so let's press on and keep going through this canyon and see what, see what goes.
Do we need someone to play Chris de Burgher? Should we go without? Huh? Whatever you guys want.
Dan's making poopy face. No, you pick somebody. I just can't bear to be the picker. Huh?
First hand that shot up. Okay. I forgot. Tyler's going to help us out.
Hello. Hello. I was tempted. I saw Levi's hand go up, too. That might have been a good way to
go, too. Either way. Yeah. Hello, Tyler. Welcome. Hi. How are we going? All right. So we walked down
the canyon. Yeah, you do. What a show. You were kind of light in it. You didn't really... I would
have thought when we started that show that you would have really dove in, but you just, you
didn't really do anything. She was a wrapped audience member the entire time. I don't know.
Yeah, I got really overwhelmed. I was so excited. I got in my head. I had so many things that I
wanted to do, and then I just got really sleepy. But it was... Well, I sang my first new song since
Lady in Red. I don't even remember. It was a great beautiful song. I remember it was... What was it
called again? What was the title? Geez, I don't even remember what the song was. It was... It slipped
my mind. It was a moment of beauty that just passed and it's gone. Make it up. Make up a title.
The Daughter of Blue. The Daughter of Blue. It was a good song. It was a good song. All right.
Let's press on. You hear footsteps behind you crunching in the snow. Say, you guys...
It's not. That's behind all of us. I'm behind you, and I heard it from behind me, and I'm the last
one. Is he in the rear? Yeah, I'm in the rear, and that's my... I turn all the way around.
Turning all the way around. You see among the ice and snow a familiar gnoll named Yerch. Yerch.
He's like, hey guys. I kind of disappeared around that Forzan city thing, but I'm back. We're going
north, right? Hell yeah. Who could forget Yerch? Who could forget Yerch? He's the P one, right?
The one that smells like pee all the time? Oh yeah. Okay. All right. What species is he?
He's a gnoll. A gnoll, right? Oh, gnoll. Yeah, P, P, P, gnoll. Okay. Yerch.
I'm just saying, you know, I was scouting. You guys are going the wrong way, by the way.
All right. Were we not supposed to talk to the giants? No, I mean, just in this canyon,
you must have got turned around, but I just came back from scouting ahead. They have this big black
gate. It's crazy. It's full of demons and shit. So we shouldn't be going towards the black gate?
Well, I mean, we should, right? We got to kill them. Yeah. Let's go to that gate. So we got to be
careful. Okay. All right. You guys go ahead. You're not coming? I mean, I'll stay in the back.
Okay. I'll be careful. All right. You all right, Yerch? I mean, yeah, it's just another day.
I wonder, where have you been? We haven't seen you. I know that you were assigned to follow us,
and I just haven't seen you in so long. You know, frost giants can stomp on you.
I haven't heard. We had no experience with that. Well, yeah, I mean, I would have known that you
got stomped on personally, but I'm sure that's true. I want to take a sidebar with my friends.
I'll be over here.
To the extent that I ever knew Yerch, like I just don't think that this is Yerch.
Yerch is acting really weird. Are you saying you think all Knowles look the same?
No. Who has good perception? Not me.
Or some kind of no, don't want you guys have like no intention or whatever,
detect intention. Sense motive, thank you. I have zero points in sense motive.
Oh, I have nine points in it, but zero. I mean, I think I'm a sensitive person.
All right, Spencer, I have nine points in sense motive. I can try to see if he's up to anything
fancy. He doesn't seem to be up to anything. Would you roll? I rolled a four.
All right, can I? This seems like he's on the level. I don't know. I'm going to cast detect
thoughts on him. You detect his thoughts. What's he thinking? These guys sure are looking at me,
strange. What'd you get, Sharpie? I just, it's Yerch. Okay. Yerch, how many demons are at this big
black gate? Like seven. And that's on the far side of that is going to be Admiral Darkstar,
we're hoping, right? Behind the gate lies the black keep. All right, guys, we didn't come this far
to turn around now. I'm feeling pretty energized in that show. Absolutely. I think I think I think
Group Morale is at an all time high. It's an all time high. Let's let's go. That's a nice skeleton
army you got, by the way. Oh, I forget. Oh, yeah, we got Tuskets too. We're good. We're good. Thank
you, Yerch. But at what cost? Yeah, what cost? That's true. Do you think that maybe there's a
demand for this show as a run? Yeah, I think it was a one off. Wasn't our only audience those
flying things that were coming from the sky? There were some mosquitoes or some gnats that
watched it. Yeah. All right, let's let's to the gate. Yeah, I mean, do I have cocoa? Yeah, I get on cocoa.
Do you think that Mully, what the hell is your name? We're playing three different D&D games.
I'm so confused. I'm quirk. Quirk, do you think you could, would you, do you think you could scout
ahead maybe and okay, I'm gonna send a venture up. Do you maybe want someone who has stealth to go
first and check it out? Yeah, he's, he's, he's stealthier than me. He's a rogue. Yeah, yeah.
First, I'm going to send a venture. A venture. Fly up. I just want to get a distance. I don't
want to talk to Yerch about it. Like it's, I think he's high. And so I'm going to send a venture to
see how far the black gates are. You send a venture up into the sky. But after a moment or two, he
returns. He gives you a look that says it's snowing. It's too hard to see from up here. I'm not used to
this kind of climate. It's cold. It's a very subtle look. Richly nuanced. I almost thought it was
going to be a wrap. Well, a lot of cadence to that. All right. Well, what do I want you to, what
do you, do you stealth types scout ahead? I don't know. I'll go with you. All right.
Just stay a little bit behind. Christopher and I walk ahead and I have my, my, my, my sword out,
you know, at the ready. The two of you go ahead down this icy canyon and you round an icy bend
and you see it. The black gate, it extends maybe 100 feet tall and you can see about four levels
of catwalks that are kind of strung together by these metal stairs. Standing on the catwalks,
kind of patrolling around our black armored dudes as well as these beardy demons and devils that you
kind of saw and fought with at a yellow camp. How many of them are there? There's seven demons and
you count one, two, four human guys, whole armored guys. And then three of the bearded demon types?
No, there's seven demons and then four guys. Okay. All right. Is there a, Chris, any reason
why we were sent ahead to go do this and the whole crew couldn't come? So they don't see everybody.
I mean, they're patrolling in places. Okay. Well, I go back and I report to you guys that I give them
the info, the recon. Catwalks, you say. Catwalks. Stairs? Yeah. It's kind of like, it's kind of like
a stage, a stage production of West Side Story. You know, it's like, it's like, it's like, or like,
or like rent. It's like a big fire escapey kind of thing. So they've got the high ground. I wonder
if there's any way we could get up there. So we're not walking under them. We can pick them off,
pick off a couple of them before we fully engage. Or maybe destroy the stairs and make the catwalks
fall or something. We should probably go before our, you know, sizable skeleton army goes forward,
maybe pick a couple of them off and then, you know, so they don't have enough time to escape.
Then we call the cavalry. Gentlemen, maybe I can use my tree token. I have a tree token.
What? Tree token. I have a tree token. What does that do? Tree token. I, if I, if I throw it on
the ground, a tree, a tree will grow. Okay. Are we going to tree token hide behind the tree? We
could climb the tree or I sheepishly take my tree token and put it back in my pocket.
I appreciate the effort. What's on the sides of the gate? What's flanking this gate? Well,
it's just like wedged into the ice. Oh, into the canyon. There's no way to climb the walls of the
canyon. None unless you have climbing spikes. I think that's what they're called, right? Sure.
Would it be a lame waste of the skeletons to just do the old saunter out there go, hey,
fuck you guys and run back and stand behind the skeletons? I mean, all right. Wouldn't they call
reinforcements though? If they see a couple of us go, hey, we're here. Yeah, they might, they might
open the gate and bring out a bunch of fun. Uh, there's, we should send more people. No, but he's,
he's saying like, like wave and like, like we'll moon them and we'll show them our ass and then
they'll all come, those guys at the gate will just think it's a couple of people and they'll
come running and they'll come over there and they'll be the, the cast of Ben Hur will be there.
Right. Well, and we could instruct our skeletons to lie on the ground like it's a, like they're
fallen soldiers. Maybe someone who has bluff could be like, there's only a couple of us. We'll just
hang out, have a good time. Yeah, it's just an act. We don't have an army of skeletons over here.
I said we just, I said we just advance. I said, I said we just come in there and kick these guys's
ass. Fireball? Fireball? Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's give them everything we got. Let's just
come in and just fucking, I am that exhausted. Yeah. I've been solving problems all day. I think
we'll just, let's just blunt force it. All right. So, uh, so who's taking lead then? I'll, I'll go
forward first. I'm on my horse before the skeletons or it's a very least like why don't we just,
just, just one preliminary. I mean, let me, let me just do this. I've always wanted to do this.
I'll just walk. I'm just going to walk around the bend and then you go like, Hey, you guys got
changed for a dollar? My wife and I, we, uh, need change for a dollar. Also look at this tree.
All the guys on the wall kind of like turn towards you and they're looking at you and the bearded
devils kind of hold out their arms and they start to be wreathed with flames.
All right. See you. I'll be over here. Bye. And then I retreat like a coward. Okay. And I walk to
behind the skeleton army and I read a book. You hear the crunching of footfalls and then the four
armored men are upon you. They've managed to scramble down this gate and chase you guys down
to where you guys are. I general the skeletons into kind of a thermopoly, you know, Spartan kind
of thing. Close off the pass. Okay. They seal off the pass, but these guys are approaching.
Right. They're going to let them clash. Yeah. That makes sense. Do the demons see the 40 skeletons
and it's like, fuck it. We're going to keep going. Yeah. You know, okay. They don't give a fuck.
They're very confident. They're just demons. What does my power bracelet do? It just gives you
plus two strength included on your stat block. Fun rules. All right. You see your skeleton army
kind of engage with the enemy. These these human guys in armor kind of clash and the skeletons
are actually really well trained and magical and cool and stuff. But two of them managed to just
slice the two of the guys in half. Yeah. And the other three don't manage to do as well. And they
just kind of poke at at these armored guys, but only five can get in right now. But then the
rest kind of have them surrounded. And armored guys see that they're they're going to lose,
but the skeletons aren't aren't going for the final blow right now. They're just surrounding them.
All right. I jump in with my flaming sword and attack the nearest armored guy.
With your flaming sword, you jump into the fray, but you trip over a femur of one of the skeleton
swords. So these guys are alive and are kind of like at the at the sword points of our skeleton
emissaries. The skeletons are kind of waiting. Gentlemen, looks like you're in a skeleton
situation. We can't we can't use bone voyage again. Tell us how where's the back door?
What? Is there another entrance to the temple? I mean,
what? You're asking is that gate? It's not a temple. The gate. The fuck you guys.
Harmon quest ended. Well, we're going to Admiral Darkstar's fortress. Yep.
Is there another way in? Oh, the only way is through this gate. Or if you have climbing
equipment, you could climb up the canyon and then go around this gate. Or you could wait for this
gate to open. What is it open for? You know, large traffic. We're large traffic. What, like a bus?
Maybe. Bus. Let's keep, let's keep killing these guys. We're standing around talking. Yeah.
I thought maybe they haven't gotten any useful information out of them. They said no, go through
the gate. Large traffic. That's arguably useful. All right. Skeletons forward. Are you going to
kill the guys? Large traffic. Often can we like wait and like hitch a ride, like behind a wagon
and like sneak our way in. I don't think we can sneak an army. You know who waits? Cowards. Fine.
Fools. Whatever. I shoot an arrow at a skeleton. Let's kick some ass. You do sarcastically shoot
an arrow at a skeleton. Whatever. The skeletons dispatch the remaining guys and you continue on
towards the gate. Yeah. Good. Good job, skeletons. As you approach the gate, you hear loud sounds.
They sound kind of like what sirens would sound like if you knew what sirens were.
Get out of the way. This is definitely magical in nature. But at the same time, you see the gate
that grows. It doesn't grow. A split kind of develops in its middle and it swings open like a
giant door and standing in that giant door is one of the largest ogres you've ever seen,
almost 40 feet tall, with a small metal platform on his back. And you see kind of dudes standing
on this platform on this back holding crossbows. His ogre starts lumbering through the gate.
He's got a sniper perch on his back. Let's throw some magic at this guy right off the bat.
Yeah. When I get to go, I'll shoot a fireball at him. You get to go. Fireball.
Same with a little more gusto, man. Fireball.
All right. Where do you aim it? Like at the guy or at the platform?
I'm aiming it at the... Well, would I be able to hit the guys on the platform?
Yeah, if you aimed towards it, but it would be like away from his center of mass, I guess.
Yeah, well, I'll aim for the platform. Yeah, okay. That's what I assumed, by the way,
for all you podcast listeners. Yeah, so you do that. You throw your fireball in it,
arcs up over the guy's shoulder, right onto the metal platform where these snipers are stationed,
and it explodes, and you see, you know, two corpses just fly off. Yeah.
The rest of the guys take seven fire damage. Fuckin' yeah. It's nice. I mean, yeah.
Yeah. How many of them are up on that platform?
You don't know, because it's such a large platform. I don't have any ranged weapons.
I can't really throw... I can't really get them from a distance.
You have a tree. I have a shortbow. I can finish them all.
Is it my turn?
No, it's not. It's the tree.
I want to see a tree, too, you guys.
Adam Goldberg suggested this. I'm going to throw it out there. He said,
plant the tree under the ogre's nuts and have a tree grow up into it.
A tree grow up into the butt.
And the old tree dick maneuver.
That's called the Jolly Roger, isn't it?
God, I wish it were 15 minutes later. That would have been at the end of the show.
Well, I... Hmm. All right. Well, how close can I get to the ogre?
You'd be able to get to where it was standing if you ram.
Okay.
But not if you walked.
Well, I'm on Coco. I gallop over to the ogre. I look over at Sharpie. I give him a wink.
Something's about to happen.
I gallop up to the ogre right between his legs.
I reach for my quiver for a second and then I'm like, no, no, no, just do this.
I take my token and I throw it at the ground between his legs and I say, who's the sap now?
I'd like to see dur you die. Maple tree. So I do that.
You thrust the tree token into the soft snow and then before your varied eye, very eyes.
My various eyes.
Before your various sensory organs.
A tree springs into being. It grows in girth as well as length.
As it reaches its final height, which is somewhere between this ogre's midsection.
It smashes him right through the pelvis.
Well done. And he takes 20 damage.
I think the very clever little witty back braced angel on my shoulder.
At the moment, he can't move. His legs are kind of too far from the ground to move at the moment.
Awesome.
So he's like a popsicle right now?
Like a popsicle.
All right. Who's up?
Throw it to Tyler.
All right. Let's see. So I want to get the rest of these snipers out of the way.
So we don't have to worry about them.
As you can swear by this big slow ogre.
Amulet of autumn can become invisible for five rounds twice a day.
I want to use that to get behind them so I can pick the rest of the guys off.
Activating your amulet of autumn, you gain invisibility.
All right.
And then what was it?
You wanted to get behind them?
I want to see if I can get kind of behind where the ogre came out of the gate, right?
You can do that.
Okay. I'm going to get behind them.
You do that.
All right.
And I'm going to take a shot with my sharp bow at one of the remaining guys up there.
Yeah. You strike the guy directly in the, not directly in the shoulder, indirectly in the shoulder.
He takes seven damage.
Nice.
Did you have the 1d10?
Four.
It says I get 1d10 damage.
Oh yeah. No. Thanks for reminding me.
Hey man. I don't have to learn all the rules.
I'm helping.
I'm just telling everyone.
That's why it's literally written on the sheets.
So I don't have to memorize everything.
Anyway, that's an extra seven damage.
So I said seven, 14 damage.
Yeah.
What's the damage to the player-dungeon master relationship?
I mean, the relationship?
It's dead.
It's purely dead.
That's what he really puts on it.
Anyway.
Who's up?
Not the ogre. It's your turn.
I take a flaming far sword and swipe at the chest of the ogre.
Is the far sword long enough to do that?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay. It's far.
Flaming far sword, swipe.
Swinging your flaming sword.
You unleash a crackling arc, arc, arc, whatever,
of windy flaming energy.
And it strikes him, does it?
Yeah, it strikes him.
Directly in the chest.
Yeah.
Yeah, the chestal regions.
Dealing.
That's 1d10 plus 1d6 plus four.
Plus four?
Yeah.
10 damage.
Yeah. You're right to applaud that.
He seems a little worse for wear.
And then, you know, you see a couple of the snipers remaining
take their positions at the edge of his thing,
and they fire down on you with crossbow bolts.
Yeah.
So Sharpie, you get hit with one of these bolts.
And as it strikes you, you feel caustic burn
as acid seeps into your skin.
You take five burning damage.
You made him make a poopy face.
Acid will do that to you.
The other arrow misses.
But then the ogre starts striding towards you.
He's off the tree?
Uh, yeah.
Like, he's kind of...
Starts striding towards you, like that.
All right.
Yeah.
But I mean, it took all that effort to get off.
So that's it.
That's it for me.
That's his turn, huh?
I love it.
Did the tree go up his butt?
No, it just kind of...
You want to be technical.
It caught him right in the taint.
Right.
There is a bit of like wooden penetration,
just not like that.
Like, like, you know, you're not going to get hit.
A thorn getting rammed up to your taint
might pierce break the skin.
It was like that.
Taint the butt.
He's, he's since...
He's moved past it.
But that's like his prostate muscle, right?
Yeah.
No, he's coming loads.
Oh!
You guys, that's not snow.
We just made an ogre come.
By wrapping a magical tree into his taint.
I put that on my resume.
Does he get sleepy?
No.
Does he want to take a little nap?
Does he want nothing to do with us now?
Should we just leave?
We should just leave, right?
I mean, he's pissed.
I asked him about his feelings.
Is it Sharpie's turn?
Yeah.
That's whose turn it is.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to,
I'm going to, I'm just going to cast fireball on this ogre again.
Okay.
Actually, I'm going to, I'm going to cast on that platform.
I don't want to get shot with any more arrows.
There's still two left up there, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
You throw your fireball again.
It whizzes right over the ogre's shoulder
before impacting and exploding on the thing.
I think it was a platform.
You see flaming corpses fall off the side.
Two of them.
All right.
Hell yeah.
Clear platform.
Roger.
All right.
I wipe off my face with a rag that's in my, in my pocket.
And I, I was standing there.
He came on you?
I was standing there.
I only assumed.
He was wearing pants in my mind.
Okay.
Just come out of a raging boner.
I mean, why would he come?
Just because his prostate got pierced.
It's, you don't know ogre anatomy, man.
Well, I want to know more about this ogre's pants.
What is a smart ogre wearing these days?
Well, this is no smart ogre.
But I mean, just, just, just standard burlap kind of.
Okay.
Just now filled with cum.
Yeah.
You can see it kind of, you know, burlap's not.
All right.
Well, I, I, it's messy.
It's a porous material.
Yeah, exactly.
I only wipe off my face because it's, it's covered in
perspiration because I've been riding my horse.
I'm going to, uh, I take out my, um, my speedy long bow.
Yeah.
I whip it around in front of me or whatever you call the
action of, uh, putting it in the position of, uh, shooting it.
Knock an arrow.
Sorry.
You knocked the arrow.
I knocked the arrow.
I'm going to knock a fiery arrow at the ogre's face.
And so I do that.
You launch a fiery arrow right in the ogre's face.
And it strikes right there.
Dealing six fire damage.
Nice.
Go get him to Berg.
All right.
Uh, so this tree that kind of grew up into him, he hopped off it,
but like the tree is still mostly in shape.
Oh yeah.
Do you want, you want to jump on?
I kind of want to get on the tree and then leap onto him.
Go for it.
I want to do that.
Let's do that.
You're, you're invisible right now, right?
I shot an arrow so I broke invisibility.
Unfortunately.
Yep.
Ah, every time.
Whatever.
He's, he's worried, he's worried about you.
You shot a fiery arrow at his face and knocked his prostate.
So he's, I'm off to you.
You know what?
He's not worried about me.
I, I follow, follow your heart.
I just, I do what I have to.
You're more analytical this week than you are normally.
Just go with it, go with it.
Strangely.
Can we hear a couple of lines with the daughter of blue
before you go up there?
Her hands are so small.
I don't know.
That's good enough.
I just wanted to.
I know.
I want to hear the rest of this pot.
And I want to know if we're learning about Tyler's sexuality.
So small.
Um, I'd like to climb the tree.
Who's that?
Can we do that?
Yeah.
You climb the tree.
Okay.
I'm assuming I'm not going to have any leftover thing
to do anything besides climb the tree this round.
Well, yeah.
I always try to push it.
You just take position up in this tree.
Can I get ready?
Can I, you know, can I get into a fierce crouch
with my poison dagger out?
Like, what?
Assume.
Okay.
How many fierce crouch?
Yeah, you are.
Fiercely crouching in a tree.
You wait for your next turn.
We're good.
I, uh, I run at him and do a power attack with my sword
at his, uh, at his like Achilles tendon.
Hacking at his Achilles tendon with your flaming sword.
You do so.
Dealing 12 damage.
Yeah.
He kind of falls down to one leg.
Oh, so I kind of, now he's just lower for him
in the tree.
Is that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that.
I mean, I kind of like Jim on his back and crouch
his head and start stabbing him in the ears.
Awesome.
Yeah, I like it.
Yeah.
Well, it's his turn.
He reaches down and swats at you, Quark,
who's stabbing at his knees.
Achilles tendon.
Whatever.
Those, isn't that where those are?
Below your calf.
I took classes.
No, it's a, yeah, I know where that, it's in the taint.
But he, yeah, no, he, he, he, he fumbles around.
He, he has a hard time, you know, grabbing at you
since you're so tiny.
Yeah.
And he doesn't.
Sweet.
He gropes about, but fails.
He's got a big load in his drawers right now.
He's got a lot to deal with.
He's got a big cut in his chest.
He's on fire.
He's got a sliced heel.
We're sending the most confusing signals right now.
Poor guy just had the biggest orgasm of his life
putting in a sharp Easter.
Oh, uh, I, uh, I want to, I want to use my arm.
No, I don't.
I don't want to use my armlet.
Can I, can I just cast fireball on his face again?
Oh, level are you?
No, you only have two level three spells, I think.
All right.
Sorry, buddy.
It's all right.
Don't, don't be sorry.
It's not you.
I want to get out of here just as much as you do.
I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to cast jump
and see if I can jump up onto the, uh, uh,
ogre, just to, just to make, uh, Christopher Mad.
Casting jump.
You leap astride the ogre right in front of Christopher.
That's my spot.
I'm going to jump there.
Staying to your fierce crouch.
Is that, is that my move?
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, I, uh, I, I, I crouch fiercely, you son of a bitch.
Do I, do I have more than one tree token?
No, that was it.
Yeah.
I know guys.
I'm sorry too.
Um,
Oh, so you just, your turn.
I'm sorry.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, it's okay.
We're going this way.
I am going to, I'm going to use my, my armlet of summer to
heat up metal.
Okay.
I'm going to heat up the steel that I have in my
possession, throw it into my backpack.
What steel?
You just like have a plate of steel?
Yeah.
For, for striking out, for stoking, starting fires.
Okay.
Crouch.
I heat up the steel.
I throw it into my backpack.
I create like a, I cut a little part of it.
So, and I tie, I tie, it'll get there.
I tie my rope to like the strap of the backpack and I
create like a, a souped up, um, uh, who fought Goliath?
David.
I, I, uh, like a soup.
Who fought Goliath?
Peanut butter and, uh, what do you call it?
That's got fruit in it.
I, I whip it around my head.
Sling.
Yeah.
So like a slingshot, exactly.
But a souped up slingshot and when it's in the exact
right position, I hurl it at his, at his throat.
So I don't hit Sharpie and the idea being that it's
like Schrab.el and that the metal, so you, so roll it.
So, yeah, no, you, you do that, you whip it up as, as you
start whipping it around your head, the backpack starts
catching fire and Jesus Christ, you guys.
What am I a monster and you throw it and it hits him in
the throat?
What were you expecting?
You're such a feisty mood tonight, Spencer.
I know.
I'm all over the place.
I don't get it.
Dealing 11 damage.
The ogre clutches at his burning throat.
I got to say, I didn't think that was going to work.
I had just time wise and she accomplishes so much in a
turn, it's like a, watching a PBS show, she makes a rocking
chair and then sits in it, makes lemonade and then invites
the, the enemy to drink the lemonade, but then I guess I'm
jealous, I'm jealous.
Yeah, he just claws at his throat as it's on fire.
That happens.
Finish him to Burke.
All right, I want to, I'm already fiercely crouching.
I want to hop and I want to hop on this guy.
Dan's right where I was going to go.
So I try to go next to him.
I'd like to leap onto him.
You leap onto him.
All right.
Is there any way I can get up to where his head is and throw
rope down so we can get everyone up and everyone can just
beat on his head?
Yeah.
Let's do that.
You do that.
All right.
Charlie, come on, get up.
I climb up the rope and, and I go down his pants.
No, no, don't go down there.
And I, and I, and I go, and I go up to his dick and balls and I,
and I, I use cleave.
What's, what's your fortitude?
My fortitude?
My, my, my.
Do you realize how much ogre semen you're going to have to climb
through to get to this?
It wouldn't be my first time, Chris.
It would not be my first time.
Get into this semen slicked slacks.
You are overcome by the overcome smell.
Did you roll it?
And find yourself too nauseating.
Oh no.
Do I, I just keep sliding down the pant leg until I come out.
And I come out and I do, I do one of those like,
like, uh, like Laurel and Hardy, one of those.
You need to, you need, you need to cut your way out of these pants.
He's on one knee.
You got to cut your way out of these burlap pants.
No, I came down the other one.
All right.
That was, that was, that did not go as planned, you guys.
You should have stayed in his head, man.
I, I didn't expect ogre come to be that, uh, that overwhelming.
Lesson learned.
Ogre come.
Ogre anything is putrid.
Egg, living learn.
Yeah.
Well.
Well, indeed.
Sharpie, finish this guy.
Come on.
No.
First he bunches sharpie.
Is it sharpie on him?
Is he like, Sharpie takes 12 damage.
Oh, whatever.
Uh, I have a thing called the rod of the serpent.
What, what, yeah.
What does that do again?
It turns into a serpent.
There's a time and a place for that.
What did somebody yell out?
Throw it down his pants.
Oh, I'm not going to do anything clever.
I mean, I'm on his head.
I just want to, I'm not a real bladed weapon kind of guy.
I'm just looking for a quick guy.
Did you climb up when you were on his head with us?
Yeah.
I'm just going to do, can I do a scorching ray on his, on the back of his head.
Right where Ving Reim's bandaid would be.
Casting your arms in a magical manner, you unleash a blazing, scorching ray directly into the,
what was that part of his head you mentioned?
This is where the, where the, the nape of his neck.
Right, the nape of his neck.
And it burns.
Dealing 16 damage.
Yeah.
You can kind of see through all this burn flesh and skin is exposed spinal column.
And he kind of, is he dead?
Yeah, we did.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Oh, I'm sorry.
So I got the wrong thing.
I got the wrong thing.
And keep grabbing.
Thank you for coming to Harmontown.
I blew it.
Thank you so much, everybody.
Thank you, Tyler.
Thanks, guys.
Thank you, Levi, for coming up.
Anatoly, Adam, for the great line.
Everyone else we spoke to.
Erin McGathy, one more time for her, please.
Thanks so much, Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
One more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Thanks, Bill.
Thanks for the sticks, Bill.
And thanks, Seek, Seek Donnelly, for all of your free comic book stuff that was on your
seats when you came in here.
And God bless you, and we'll see you next week.